Hello. I am Dejan.
I was hurrying. I'm coming from a rehearsal at the Youth Center. We are getting ready for the tour. First, we will go to a dozen Macedonian cities, and then to larger Yugoslav cities. The first concert is in Osijek. I'm a guest at Zlatko Pejaković's, the group "Mama Ko Ko" is going... 
Well, it's not. This summer we just went by the sea. Zlatko, Suzana Mančić also went... 
We didn't do very well, that needs to be organized. We went without a sponsor at all, and that's not worth it. Some go with ten patrons, teams are very expensive. There were thirteen of us... My throat is sore, I can barely speak... 
Not since rehearsal, since Sunday, I don't know what's wrong with me. 
I don't know, I think everything will pass. 
Well, I didn't, I can't get there, to tell you the truth. I run all day, but I get nothing. I feel guilty that this happened now, I drink tea, some vodka... I was at a wedding, and I lost my voice. Actually, for me it's from tobacco, it hurts me, and I can't quit. 
Can not... 
Long time ago... 
Something like that... It starts secretly, so that no one sees or hears. Because of nervousness, a person has to do something, to keep his hands busy. 
Well, probably... Yes, I am, I don't know if there is anyone younger. 
Twenty one. 
Enough. I actually started early. Since the age of nine, I have been singing at dances and playing with groups. At that time I was something of an attraction. They put me on a chair, and I play and sing! It all started with school performances, the music teachers saw that I could do something. At the age of seven, I started playing the guitar, my dad started teaching me, so I taught myself a bit, then I went to music school... I started playing the piano and so on... 
I didn't, I made it to the third grade of High School. For now, I don't miss that school, but if need be... However, a musician, a singer, must, if nothing else, have basic musical literacy. It's easy for musicians to work with me, because I know the arrangements, I read the notes... When the singer doesn't know the notes, it's more difficult. It is not difficult to become musically literate, but it is easier to do it when one is young. 
I did... Only, because I started early, I always hung out with people older than me, it's all one experience, so I don't even know if I'm young. We traveled a lot, played, toured... 
They were afraid, but I had one protector in the group who was like my guardian. They trusted me, he took me by the hand, he looked after me. 
I started to deform professionally early on, only music was important. As a boy, I was a bit afraid of the crowd, the audience, but it was an experience for the future. Now there are no problems and I have no jitters, it doesn't matter to me where I perform.
Although I can't really understand the audience. It's nice for both the known and the unknown when the audience receives him, you can see it in the faces, but I don't quite understand the exaltation of the audience. I am surprised how those concerts affect the people, I certainly could not behave like that. 
I love many. Let's say, Elton John... Some people compare me, maybe that's a role model... I prefer those complete musicians than just singers. If I went to his concert, I would probably just listen, cringe, not jump and chant for sure.
I don't like going to those big concerts. I was at the "Bijelo Dugme" concert. I couldn't hear a single song from the people - when they started playing, everyone started singing and nothing was heard. I don't know why I should go to a concert and not hear anything. 
Well, if I were twenty-six now, everyone would say I'm young. However, I think that my age is an advantage. It is better to start earlier because there is more time to do something. 
Well, they get along quite well. I think it was much worse before. There was some bickering between singers and groups.
Now everyone does their own thing, no one bothers anyone and there is room for everyone.
There are also groups and singers who have their own style, and no one bothers anyone. 
I think the other way around. I played in groups until a year ago, I feel better when I work alone. There are young singers. Although, when you look at it, it's as if there are no young singers. If I have to list, there are Oliver Mandić, Slađana Milošević... I don't know now... It seems that they are not there!
However, there are some. I know several good singers who haven't done anything yet, and I don't know why. I think that there are not enough opportunities for young people here. There are a lot of talented people, but people from those disco houses don't pay attention to them. And when we record a record ourselves, we are left to ourselves: both to sell it and to take care of advertising... But it's not just a problem for young people, disco companies don't care much about their singers. 
Do not know yet. I haven't matured enough musically and as a person in general. But I feel that what I am doing is good. Good reviews please me, although I think that in a way I deserved it, what I do has some quality and it is certainly on some level. It's not good for me to brag... But it has some style. 
I have cultivated my style since the beginning. Only, in the first tenutka, no one noticed him. Although my first two records sold well, something more concrete happened only at Zagreb 78. Zlata and I sang together there.
For her, it was purely an experiment, although we have been doing something together since we were little, but she does not intend to deal with it. I didn't like our joint performance, but people did. But maybe it's not the style I wanted to make... 
Well, that bothers me.
That was a hit, and I won't do it, I still opt for the pop style. Now I'm preparing an album, and I'd like to sing only ballads, maybe I'm romantic, but it can't be, it has to be mixed. It's hard to be persistent about it.
I am only now recording songs that I composed three or four years ago. They would not pass at festivals, because the form of those festivals is already known. I don't think what I'm doing is complicated, but you can make nice music that doesn't have to be a chorus, there's a text... 
Previously, it was done that way so that the text was not understood. The lyrics are very important, but there are people who listen to the melody and others who pay attention to the lyrics. 
For me, mostly, Marina Tucaković, and I write something myself. I think she wrote the most texts for us and found a "stunt" for each of us. She manages in all waters, her ideas are inexhaustible. I couldn't do that. It's easier for me, and I prefer to write music, and she works afterwards. 
Everyone expects that when something "works" you continue on that path. Well, that bothers me! When something goes over with the audience, then everything is stamped in the same style, every other song is the same. I'm going to make every song different for me! Put together the same harmonies, reverse the harmonies and it's a new song! It is nothing. I'm not going to say that it's not commercial and doesn't do well, but I won't do it that way. 
I'm going for variety. I'm still fertile, I'm not tired, so I can. 
Well, I live with my mother, I have my own room, I have two pianos and I could work as I want. But now I got a job and I work less and less and run more and more. I'm more into some technical stuff than music. Now I have less time than before. I used to sit all day and play, and now... It would be wonderful if I didn't think about posters and selling records... but to work. 
We came from Smederevo, although I was not born in Smederevo, but in Ćuprija. We lived in Svetozarevo, Niš, in the Aleksinac mine... Everyone thinks that my father is a military man, an economist, actually that's how we got closer to Belgrade.
I spent the best part of my childhood at that Aleksinac mine. It's a small town. There was nature there, I kept a farm and puppies and kittens, there was a big yard, a separate house... Now I don't have a single animal... I wouldn't even be able to keep it, I'm never at home, someone has to feed it, it is a sin... but there is none. 
I didn't even think of anyone else. Nothing else interested me so much. I have already bitten so much that there is no going back. 
The days look quite similar: I like to take a nap, but I can't do it because the phone rings early, everyone knows I'm on legal duty; I go to see how things are going with the records, then to the rehearsal if there is a rehearsal, I don't have time to have lunch and I eat very irregularly... It shows in me, I sleep poorly which is again visible, in the evening if I arrive I meet my friends and sit down.
And even if I sit down, I can't relax, because I'm still thinking about what awaits me tomorrow. I keep going in circles... 
I don't do sports at all! I get something to read before bed... I should do sports, I'm stunted! 
The last one, "Oprosti", came out ten days ago and I still don't know how it's going. It's going well, mostly around thirty thousand, but if the advertisement was bigger, it would go even more. 
Actually, I don't know either... I don't know... It helps everything... You have to constantly be on the lookout, keep your ears open... You have to be present all the time, as soon as the person is gone, it's over. And the audience is deceptive, they are able to forget quickly. It happened to many. Some audiences are loyal, but, for the most part, they quickly forget. 
That's what surprised me at these bigger concerts, I can see that even the smallest children like it, but also their mothers. As far as I can see, age does not play a role. 
They write, they write... Even though my address was published only once... But it's not just girls who write to me, and that's good. I'm not the type to get caught up in my beauty, or something like that. 
The golden look is important for the stage, it's not crucial for me. 
When we were children and we used to fight. She's older and she was always right, so I got the better of the ball. Like a little girl, she quickly giggled, so I was even weaker, and she, like a little girl, gave in too. When there is an argument, she hits me, and I, as a younger brother, have to listen! 
She almost retired. We were always very careful. Now Zlata is married, so all the attention has shifted to me. Mom is worried now... And it's inconvenient. I'm gone, my wife doesn't know where I am, what happened... It can really happen, and it did happen... 
I don't have it, but I need to buy it. He would do the work for me. Only, I need to buy a car that will fit an electric piano. 
Some paths are paved. The main thing is over, I broke the ice. Now I can work more calmly. It was hard to break through... It wasn't all that important to me, but if I'm already doing something, at least let it be seen what I'm doing! I never went and at any price... 
I made the first recordings thanks to Aca Korac, all the young people come to him, then Vojkan Borisavljević also helped me, I recorded the first record and that was proof that I can do something... I pushed myself a little, what can I do? I'm working! 
I've done it before. You need to get to know them, recommend them... The main problem is getting to know people. Then, you should interest them. It's scary to sit in the hall. People start running away from you. 
I did! It also happens in the spring... Nice feeling... I'm already deformed by this job... What will happen in a couple of years? 
I take comfort in the fact that I will be settled by then. For now, I'm thinking about everything... If something starts, then someone will think! Now everything is still undefined. You never know what will happen next, really. It is not known in our country. In order to do a bigger job, a lot of money has to be invested in it, and I can't do that for now.
I found myself in that peaceful music, in one of the most normal atmospheres... When I look at myself, I'm very good, and that's not good for me! I trusted many people, allowed all kinds of things, and that turned out to be wrong. 
No no! But, in this job, a man has to be both strict and impudent and exclude his feelings, and all this, again, impoverishes his personality. 
I feel terribly old... 
It is true that at one point I retired from the music scene. Until about twenty years ago, I appeared here and there at some festivals, but I haven't appeared at any for years. I haven't recorded anything in almost two decades. I simply couldn't find myself in this music world anymore. A couple of times I encountered some lack of interest at PGP RTS, after the "excursion" and the release of the last album "Obaraš me s nogu", which I recorded in 1983 for Jugoton, and in the same year I also won the Zagreb Music Festival. After that, I still had performances and big tours, but I didn't record anything 
The songs with which I participated were put on festival compilations. Even though I already had a lot of my own material to publish, it didn't come to that because I never elbowed, pushed and annoyed the top people. I'm just not that kind of person. They called me themselves. By the way, unfortunately, I don't have the songs I released in my archive and I'm sorry for that 
Even though I was a musician, I was always kind of in the shadows. I missed someone pushing me, that is, letting me do what I know and do best - compose and sing. I could not be both an organizer and a manager, in addition to my basic musical activity. I simply stopped recording at one point. I had the intention that when one day I retire from the public scene but not so soon, I will only do music because that is what I love the most and I know how to make a hit. At that time, I collaborated a lot with Marina Tucaković, as well as Slobo Marković. We were an irreplaceable trio. 
Over two thousand performances were performed. Ršum wrote the lyrics and I wrote the music. I don't think anyone has done that much before. We played until 2005 when we stopped performing. I made a really good living from that, because there were a lot of performances. In the meantime, I also wrote songs for other and the most famous singers: Leo Martin, Mikija Jevremović, Zlatko Pejaković, Jadranka Stojaković, Ismeta Krvavac, Mahir Paloš, Tereza Kesovia, Gabi Novak, Arsen Dedić, Marijan Miše, Ksenija Erker, Beti Đorđević... 
I wrote the hit "Sexy Lady" for Slađana Milošević. Milja Vujanović wrote a couple of texts for me. She dealt with it and she did it beautifully. By the way, I started playing music very early, already at the age of nine. However, I did not finish the Academy of Music, but stayed at the high school of music. Back then, people like Boris Bizetić and Oliver Mandić were even kicked out of the music school. None of us graduated from the Music Academy, but we started working. Oliver Mandić and I played each other's songs. At first Oliver didn't want to sing, but just make songs. I remember that he wanted to give his first single "Ljuljaj me žno" to a singer whom I don't want to name. When I listened to his performance, it reminded me of the singing of David Cassidy, whose album I had. We forced him to record his own songs. Oliver did not want to appear because he always had a problem with live performances. 
I would say that it is the song "Tako mi svega". Everyone usually asks me if there was a Diana in my life. No, Marina invented the name. We spent a lot of time together because we worked and socialized. She often used our private stories for song lyrics. I think that with Marina's departure, we didn't get her musical successor. No one has such an opus and so many ideas. Kudos to Braja who makes hits, but that's a different style 
I admit that I didn't like the duet "Na klupi piše volim te". Our cooperation came about by chance because they invited us from PGP RTS and insisted that the two of us perform together. It was a hit, and after the song "Tako mi svega" I wanted to get out of that musical field and turn to pop. Zlata and I recorded another duet "Razgovor" and today it's really hard for me to listen to our common songs because Zlata is no longer there. 
I had a small role in Pavić's series "Srećni ljudi", but I was also an actor and singer in the musical "Fazoni i fore". Both Zlata and I had talent for both acting and music. With my sister, but also with my brother-in-law Sanja Ilić, I worked on a lot of projects for television. He was the music editor of various TV shows, and I remember that we collaborated the most on the popular show "Deco, pevajte sa nama", hosted by Dragan Laković - recalls the musician. 
It's true that I don't like going to other people's concerts, because I don't like noise and crowds. I went to some concerts a couple of times, such as the performances of Elton John, "Bijelo Dugme"... It bothers me that when the concert starts, everyone jumps up and starts fighting. I simply cannot listen to the concert then. I really can't stand that because I think that at a concert you should sit, listen and enjoy the music. 
I had some breaks for two or three years because I simply had no desire to sit down at the piano. I have many quality songs that are in my style. I started offering songs to famous singers of newer generations. However, they were not allowed to take songs from me because they had already collaborated with some composers who literally conditioned them. Little Stevan Anđelković was delighted with six or seven of my songs, but they told him at Grand that he didn't need ballads and he gave up. And I offered Lucas some songs. He was delighted and told me not to give them to anyone and to save them for him. I looked after them, but he never showed up. I thought I'd make a compilation, with some old stuff but also some new stuff. However, for now, nothing of that. 
I used to play the bass guitar in the group "S vremena na vreme". That was before my solo career. This band was founded in my then apartment in Smederevo. Miki, Koki, Asim, Ljuba and I were there. In the beginning, my Zlata was also there. I recorded several albums with them 